update: add nextcloud documentation (#3)
fossunited/server-setup: README.md

### List of Applications 

- [Listmonk](https://listmonk.app) - For sending bulk emails and newsletter

> - [Nextcloud](./servers/apps/nextcloud/README.md) - Nextcloud instance self hosted for FOSS United Team's internal usage, and for switching from the GSuite (like GDoc, GSpreadsheets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nextcloud](./servers/apps/nextcloud/README.md) - Nextcloud instance self hosted for FOSS United Team's internal usage, and for switching from the GSuite (like Google Docs, Google Sheets).
```
